README.md, before:

# Sp23_CS5103_wde677
CS 5103 Course Project: Software Engineering Practice

Delivery 

We will have two mid-term check points due on Mar. 10th and Mar. 31th after two  development sprints, and the final due date will be Apr 28th.  

Due on Mar. 10th: Requirements, implementation (with repo link), unit tests, and readme file (describing how to run your code) for the first batch of requirement. 
Due to Mar. 31th: Requirements, implementation (with the same repo link), unit tests, and readme file (describing how to run your code) for the second batch of requirement. 
Due on Apr. 28th: Requirements, implementation (with repo link), readme file, for the last batch of requirement, design change report (reporting the design principles and design  
patterns you used if any), tool application report (reporting the results and experience of using automatic tools mentioned above). 

To run this code, you will need to import the word_stats file and call its function(s) in your own python code. 

Example:
from word_stats import count_words
count_words("I love coding.  Don't you love coding?")

Unit testing is working in Visual Studio Enterprise so the function can be run through those ringers too

First Sprint: count words between tokens
Second sprint: count lines and characters

Commit message:

updating main.py to run a loop so different inputs can be analyzed

README.md, after:

# Sp23_CS5103_wde677
CS 5103 Course Project: Software Engineering Practice

Delivery 

We will have two mid-term check points due on Mar. 10th and Mar. 31th after two  development sprints, and the final due date will be Apr 28th.  

Due on Mar. 10th: Requirements, implementation (with repo link), unit tests, and readme file (describing how to run your code) for the first batch of requirement. 
Due to Mar. 31th: Requirements, implementation (with the same repo link), unit tests, and readme file (describing how to run your code) for the second batch of requirement. 
Due on Apr. 28th: Requirements, implementation (with repo link), readme file, for the last batch of requirement, design change report (reporting the design principles and design  
patterns you used if any), tool application report (reporting the results and experience of using automatic tools mentioned above). 

Example:
from word_stats import count_words
print_stats("I love coding.  Don't you love coding?")

Unit testing is working in Visual Studio Enterprise so the function can be run through those ringers too

First Sprint: count words between tokens
Second sprint: count lines and characters

To run this code, you can execute main.py.  It will bring up a while true loop that accepts input and spits out statistics
